this is not a drill yep that is valor  mobile and it is coming i mentioned it a  little while back but we got well some  new screenshots so this is something  kind of like how you're going to get  into the balance mobile beta this is by  valor leaks you can kind of see an  example you'll be invited into the beta  and then the person who's invited is  given a link they can invite five  friends using that link then those five  will also get a link that they can then  use to invite five more friends and  that's how the invite system is gonna  work based off of a link now a lot of  these leaks are by  some chinese website maybe a chinese  valiant beta tester not 100 sure but a  lot of things are in chinese so we can  safely assume that's what happened now  this is what the main menu will look  like you can see it is quite polished  already but not that great like the card  is a little off-centered a little bit  small but you got you know a way to talk  in the bottom left you can mute both the  game and your mic you can chat there's  also i think maybe text-to-speech that's  that's what it's looking like you got  the q button in the bottom right a  friends list which is empty and all  chinese ui so again probably where the  leak is going to come from however the  more interesting and important part is  looking at the game itself this is an  in-game screenshot with other players  you can see the timer again a little bit  scuffed so this is not finalized by any  means this is obvious it's like  basically an alpha still but  we got a lot to look over we passed the  basic crosshair we got a shopping icon  right in the center you can also see the  guns at the bottom i assume if you pick  up another gun you can then toggle  between the guns down there you got the  health bar beneath it  zooming back out again a lot going on  joystick on the left with two shoot  buttons probably one to normally shoot  one to aim down sight then we got even  more if we zoom in over to the right we  got the classic right click so alternate  fire is there reload knife crouch stand  jump and again the chute then we got all  the abilities above it that's where it  gets chaotic right this is where  valerian gets chaotic this is all the  jet abilities the ultimate all the  abilities there we also got settings a  chat button a question mark which i  assume is a health button as well  a help button not a health button as  well as the ping button so you get a  ping as well ballard has a lot of  controls and they are stuffed on this  mobile screen we got credits shown in  the bottom left as well as the chat you  can also toggle your mic i don't know if  it's always on or maybe you can make it  push to talk by pressing it you can mute  the game itself um which is hilarious  just goes to show mobile is a completely  different thing just a mute button to  mute the game or maybe it mutes your  teammates i'm not 100 sure the map looks  a little bit different obviously you can  see that a site and b site are always  shown on your screen to direct you  towards the site and that's where things  get super different now the big question  is is there cross play should there even  be cross-play and the obvious answer is  no no no no no there obviously should  not be cross-play that does not work on  a tactical shooter and i don't think  there will be because we can use riot's  already work in progress while drift now  anyone can go onto the play store or app  store and download wild drift and for  those of you who do not know that is  league of legends mobile  and riot is definitely good at making a  polished mobile game i have no doubt  in riot in making this actually a fun  experience however they make adjustments  and i think they're gonna do that here  too so for wild rift unlike league of  legends they're faster games a lot of  the abilities of the champions are  actually altered to match a touch screen  and i wouldn't be surprised if that's  what happens here besides aim assist  maybe the jet dash works somewhere  easier maybe the updraft makes it easier  or if we take more complex abilities  like yoru yoru is obviously gonna be  changed to be more touch screen friendly  it's not gonna be the same as pc so  cross play is not gonna happen there's  no possibility like i can i can put my  money down and make a good bet that  cross play is not gonna happen but  ballard mobile itself as a game is going  to happen we got the screenshots it is a  work in progress i am pretty excited  even if i'm not really ever going to  play it i'll make some funky videos i'll  have fun with it but the biggest thing  is let me know what you guys think using  the comments down below thank you for  watching and i'll catch you in the next  one